this is a small test of the Yama each
state session ancestor Z and the each
state telephone that Z is the model mm
telephone and the small adjustments do
this software you can see there's an
optional seat on this on this bike it's
it well but if I buy this bike
I won't place this one and if extra
suitcase on this bike no you do not
notice a lot when you driving with it
but you can put a lot of stuff in it
this is a bike with about 50 horsepower
enough for riding in the city and he and
21 inch for from view good handling on
off-road use this bike is yeah
great to drive in the city in the
traffic
it's very capable overall and yeah I
really like this bike a lower full a
fuel consumption and the price of this
bike is not that high in Holland this is
this bike a RBS braking system but the
apparently tires on this back I don't
like them the Michelin she rock from the
earliest years are better than this
this pedal scorpy on the tires this back
have long suspension in front and in the
rear and so you can take a lot of yeah
humps and bumps in the road this bike
you can get a lot of accessories for it
so I said that large cases on it the
reading IIIi don't like that this bike
is the the windscreen too much noise
turbulence on my helmet I really don't
like it but I think when you change the
windscreen you can make it better and
this bike you can cut in several colors
it's a color white but I like the blue
one the most few years ago I make a
movie about this bike of in blue and
then it look better
this bike have good handling on the road
but when you drive in high speed about
almost high road speeds you can notice
that the bike is just moving a little
bit but it's very easy to maneuver let's
create about this bike
for real off reduce the back is made
maybe too heavy but for the most of us
riding in City for your work and on not
to bet overall it will be good enough
now we have the 1200 a lot more power
110 horsepower with the the fuel tank
the same capacity F like the six CC
about 23 litres when you can only thing
I really miss on this both bikes there
is no gear indicator on it and only
trial for that have a fuel consumption
notifier on the dashboard and when I use
driving it's not too hard to drive about
about one liter every 20 kilometres but
when you make a few sprints and yeah use
the power then you ya get one later on
50 kilometer the success is use a less
fuel you have really have to push it to
the limit then you get that that's fuel
consumption on the 6xe this bike has
standard abs this is other type of
engine and it is parallel twin and
others one cylinder engine now you can
see the dashboard
it's more luxury I really like this this
dashboard
it's by kevin not a chain button car
down
I like that too now you know messing up
with grease and a lot of stuff and low
maintenance and this bike must be in the
market to be a BMW r1200gs killer well
it's a great bike but I think the BMW is
better this bag has also a set of a club
full of a exhaust it sounds great
this back half an opportunity you can
choose them the mapping of the engine
and I like the T mapping the most then
is the back not that snappy but this bag
has better software an old version area
drive run when this bike was in through
introduced this bike f66 gearbox make
using the nice exhaust and this bike
yeah
dry from well on higher speed more more
power and have a smaller front view 90
inch instead of 21 like this is 6x e 1/2
and this bike if the design for the big
touring thing you can step on this bike
and you drive through south of Europe
with his bike no sweat
and when the pavement is bad no no harm
is done
yeah that's great about this bike and
if I buy this bike I put all the tires
on it I think about Minnesota two rounds
EPX better but tires and desert this
scorpions and redundant don't like this
buy tires take a lot of time may you
have some heat in it and when you have
heat it gets very easy out and then you
have to start all over again
this bike does not do not fly Britt a
lot the CC vibrate a lot of a lot more a
lot more
we are almost at the end of this review
I hope you like this review and maybe
see you later bye
you